# CS250
Software Development Lifecycle

Implementing user needs into a program is simple with the right development team and roles. As a product owner, I would communicate with the customer to figure out what it is that they want in a program. An important piece of this encounter is to know what is wanted, versus what is needed. The product owner then will come up with end goal, and also split that up into user stories that make sense for a sprint to be completed. The Scrum master will then work to establish scrum throughout the team. The development team will work on how to develop user stories.

The are many ways to approach developing a program. The best solution in developing a program would be an agile approach since programs can come with unknown goals. The "how to" of developing a program may not be clear from the start. In my future of development programs I plan on keeping an agile approach. This is because an agile approch allows for me to be adaptive to changes. With programming, it is imperative to be adaptive. I also plan on using the scrum framework to my advantage. Communicating with a development team and understanding how to keep the framework agile will all help with staying adaptive.

A good team member in software development means to be a responsible team member. When working as a team, it is not about who did what but rather the team as a whole. Teams should work for the best interest of a team, and not individuals. Another thing I learned through scrum framework is that communication is big. I want to be a team member that relays information daily and keeps my team updated in what I am doing, did, and plan on doing. This should help my team stay focused on the end goal. Another thing I learned is that even when I won't be working in scrum framework, I can always break down my big tasks into smaller tasks, or sprint, to be able to handle them better and stay focused on one piece of work at a time.
